# code-llamas README

This is the README for your extension "code-llamas". After writing up a brief description, we recommend including the following sections.
# How to run the extension
Make sure in frontend folder theres an out folder if not create it.
npm install
npm run compile


# Credits
<a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/llama" title="llama icons">Llama icons created by Icongeek26 - Flaticon</a>

## Features

1. Shown in Activity Tab the llama icon [Done]
2. Able to click on "Generate Questions" to open up new tab [Done]
3. Specify code smells and topic to generate questions [Done]
4. Able to write out the new files generated by backend to VScode [In progress]
5. Submit button to send to backend to generate evaluation of the answers done by student [TBC]
6. Show answers button for student to see the model answer [TBC]

## Requirements

Ensure Spring boot project is initialized before using this extension.

## Extension Settings

Include if your extension adds any VS Code settings through the `contributes.configuration` extension point.

For example:

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `myExtension.enable`: Enable/disable this extension.
* `myExtension.thing`: Set to `blah` to do something.

## Known Issues

Calling out known issues can help limit users opening duplicate issues against your extension.

## Release Notes

Users appreciate release notes as you update your extension.

### 1.0.0

Initial release of ...

### 1.0.1

Fixed issue #.

### 1.1.0

Added features X, Y, and Z.

---

## Following extension guidelines

Ensure that you've read through the extensions guidelines and follow the best practices for creating your extension.

* [Extension Guidelines](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/extension-guidelines)

## Working with Markdown

You can author your README using Visual Studio Code. Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

* Split the editor (`Cmd+\` on macOS or `Ctrl+\` on Windows and Linux).
* Toggle preview (`Shift+Cmd+V` on macOS or `Shift+Ctrl+V` on Windows and Linux).
* Press `Ctrl+Space` (Windows, Linux, macOS) to see a list of Markdown snippets.

## For more information

* [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
* [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/)

**Enjoy!**
